---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


## Cassandra Update

I think that I am at the point where diving deeper into the project, I am realizing that the project will not be as easy or manageble as I thought it would be at first. There is many aspects involved in which I have few experience if not at all. The main idea behind Cassandra is handling scalability when many users/clients are accessing the resource - a classic example of the Readers/Writers problem for distributing computing and concurrency.There I have decided to fix and solidify my foundation before handling any issues for this week. I bought a udemy cource entirely on Java by Tim Bulchaka and currently am working on the module of concurrency to get a further idea of what I am looking at when parsing the cassandra code base. Furthermore I selected these articles:

Basics of Cassandra and distributed Computing
https://medium.com/quick-code/top-tutorials-to-learn-cassandra-for-beginners-bbc03ea3e676

Cassandra Use cases
https://blog.pythian.com/cassandra-use-cases/

Visual Understanding of distributed Computing for large scale applications
https://aphyr.com/posts/294-jepsen-cassandra

Case example of Reddit using a Big Data resource and  how it expanded their empire
http://highscalability.com/blog/2013/8/26/reddit-lessons-learned-from-mistakes-made-scaling-to-1-billi.html

Redis - smaller scale application that also uses Big Data resourcing.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redis

Finally I am reading Chapter 6 and 7 of Cassandra: The Definite Guide in order to fully understand the infrastructure of cassandra. I want consider possibly this week and nect week as my learning period of my project, and help shane with the documentation.


## Progress Report and Patrick Mason Talk

As stated above, I am using this week as my learning period. Cassandra is a very advanced database application that I am not familiar with. I hope to use this time to learn my enemy before I attack if going metaphorically here. Regarding Mr. Mason's Talk I really appreciate the time he has spent talking with us about The large community which is open source. I admit I was still pretty naive about the whole community, and really thought it was for singular developers to really flex their skills in regards to their knowledge in CS and programming. It is really comforting to know about the available resources and opportunities provided if I give back the knowledge that I have gained. 
