---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

## Comunity of Practice

A community of practice is a community who share common interests who coordinate togther to provide a universal learning benefit throughout all members in the community. The overall point in the community is provide support in order for members to grow, remain active, and provide a professional benefit. From redhat opensource.com article "A community of practice is more than a website," it further defines that an Open Source Community are:

* People voluntarily spend time helping others in a community of practice. People visit a website to download what they need.

* CoPs focus on adding value to their members. Websites focus on getting new users.

* The success of a CoP is measured in anecdotes, efficiencies, and employee satisfaction. The success of a website is measured by hits, visits, and referrals.

* The members of a CoP volunteer their expertise to create new tech features. A website has paid developers who add new features.

* A CoP is built around conversation. A website is built around content.are 

In regards to an open source project, these terms apply. Software developers part of an open source community are more capable of growing together through ar shared interest and passion by applying themselves to a certain open-source project

## Progress on the Cassandra Project
 I have purchased a udemy course Getting Started With Apache Cassandra Link-> https://www.udemy.com/apache-cassandra/learn/lecture/1744280#overview. This cource is an immersive course providing a comprehensive guide on cassandra 
 DBMS. I'm hoping to use this course to expedite in my learning progress and provide notes I've gathered in the course to create a powerpoint slide show my team mates can use. 
